WIP: Python monitor (#2)
defichain-api/masternode-health-server: README.md

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/defichain-api/masternode-health-server/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=WWRB5IZN7A)](https://codecov.io/gh/defichain-api/masternode-health-server)

> # DFI Signal Server Sync
> This script is designed to be a DeFiChain master node monitoring solution for DFI Signal Bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Masternode Health Server
This script is designed for collecting server & DeFiChain node information of your system and send them to the [DeFiChain Masternode Health API](https://github.com/defichain-api/masternode-health).

For a closed look in it's functionality there's a [detailled documentation](https://docs.defichain-masternode-health.com/).
```

# Installation

- Install pip3 (pip from python v3. Some operating systems just name it ```pip```)
- Run ```pip3 install masterhode-health```

# Upgrade to the current release

```
pip3 install --upgrade masternode-health
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Create API key
This scripts needs a DeFiChain Masternode Health API key. Take a look at the [documentation](https://docs.defichain-masternode-health.com/#get-an-api-key).

```
